Updating the documentation for the add, branch, checkout, commit and create commands (#287)
HPInc/ml-git: docs/mlgit_commands.md

Example:
```
ml-git --version
```

</details>

<details markdown="1">
<summary><code> ml-git &lt;ml-entity&gt; add </code></summary>
<br>

```
Usage: ml-git ENTITY_TYPE add [OPTIONS] ML_ENTITY_NAME [FILE_PATH]...

  Add datasets change set ML_ENTITY_NAME to the local ml-git staging area.

Options:
  --bumpversion  Increment the version number when adding more files.
  --fsck         Run fsck after command execution.
  --verbose      Debug mode
```

Usage example:
```
ml-git datasets add dataset-ex --bumpversion
```

As with git add, this command will track the files that are added to the entity and add the changes made to the staging area. 

> To successfully execute the command, it is expected that the informed entity <ml-entity-name> to be a directory under the tree structure and ML-Git will search for it in the tree. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To successfully execute the command, it is expected that the informed entity <ml-entity-name> is a directory under the tree structure and ML-Git will search for it in the tree. 
```

> Under that repository, it is also expected to have a <ml-entity-name>.spec file (created with ml-git create command) , defining the ML entity to be added.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Under that repository, it is also expected that an <ml-entity-name>.spec file (created with ml-git create command) exists, defining the ML entity to be added.
```

                                  range 0-999999999 [default: 2].
  --force                         Force checkout command to delete
                                  untracked/uncommitted files from local
                                  repository.
  --bare                          Ability to add/commit/push without having
                                  the ml-entity checked out.
  --version INTEGER RANGE         Number of artifact version to be downloaded.
                                  This number must be in the range 0-999999999
                                  [default: latest].
  --fail-limit INTEGER RANGE      Number of failures before aborting the
                                  command. This number must be in the range
                                  0-999999999 [default: no limit].
  --full                          Show all contents for each directory when
                                  there are files to be discarded at checkout.
  --wizard                        Enable the wizard to request information
                                  when needed.
  --verbose                       Debug mode

```

> With this command you will download the files belonging to that entity in the version specified in the command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With this command you will download the files belonging to that entity from the version specified in the command.
```

> With this command you will download the files belonging to that entity from the version specified in the command.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
With this command, you will download the files belonging to that entity from the version specified in the command.
```

ml-git datasets checkout fddb
```

**Note:**

This command has options that are specific to each type of entity, namely:

> ```-d, --with-dataset:``` It can only be used in checkout of labels and models to get the entities that are associated with the entity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```-d, --with-dataset:``` It can only be used in the checkout of labels and models to get the other entities that are associated with this entity.
```

> ```-l, --with-labels:``` It can only be used in checkout of models to get the label entity that are associated with the entity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```-l, --with-labels:``` It can only be used in the checkout of models to get the label entities that are associated with the model.
```

Example:
```
ml-git datasets commit dataset-ex
```

This command commits the index/staging area to the local repository. It is a 2-step operation in which:
   1) the actual data (blobs) is copied to the local repository
   2) committing the metadata to the git repository managing the metadata.
    

> Internally, ML-Git keeps track of files that have been added to the data storage and is storing that information to the metadata management layer to be able to restore any version of each \<ml-entity-name\>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Internally, ML-Git keeps track of files that have been added to the data storage and stores that information in the metadata management layer, allowing it to restore any version of each \<ml-entity-name\>.
```

**Note:**

This command has options that are specific to each type of entity, namely:

> ```--dataset:``` These options are available for labels e model. ML-Git will inspect the HEAD/ref of the specified \<dataset-name\> checked out in the ml-git repository and will add that information to the specificatino file that is committed to the metadata repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```--dataset:``` These options are available for labels and models. ML-Git will inspect the HEAD/ref of the specified \<dataset-name\> checked out in the ml-git repository and will add that information to the specification file that is committed in the metadata repository.
```
